---
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
title: Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: July 31, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes My policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

I use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/).

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

-   **Owner** (referred to as either "the Owner", "I", "Me" or "My" in this Agreement) refers to Josef Zoller, 8050 Zürich, Switzerland.
-   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
-   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
-   **Service** refers to the Website.
-   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Owner. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Owner to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Owner, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Owner in analyzing how the Service is used.
-   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
-   **Website** refers to the Owner's personal website, accessible from [https://www.josef-zoller.de](https://www.josef-zoller.de)
-   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of My Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, I may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

I may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit My Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

This data is collected anonymously and cannot be used to identify You.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Owner may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

-   **To provide and maintain My Service**, including to monitor the usage of My Service.
-   **For other purposes**: I may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, and to evaluate and improve My Service, products, services and your experience.

I may share Your personal information in the following situations:

-   **With Service Providers**: I may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of My Service.
-   **With Your consent**: I may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Owner will retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a short period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of My Service, or I am legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

By visiting My Service, You consent to this Privacy Policy and thus agree to that transfer.

The Owner will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that I assist in deleting the Personal Data that I have collected about You.

Please note, however, that I may need to retain certain information when I have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Owner may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Owner may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

-   Comply with a legal obligation
-   Protect and defend the rights or property of the Owner
-   Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
-   Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
-   Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

My Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Me with Personal Data, please contact Me. If I become aware that I have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, I take steps to remove that information from My servers.

If I need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, I may require Your parent's consent before I collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites

My Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Me. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. I strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may update My Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

I will let You know via a prominent notice on My Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Me

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Me:

-   By email: [josef@walterzollerpiano.com](mailto:josef@walterzollerpiano.com)
